since the year 2000 the digital course
economy has grown over
900% the number of online learning users
is expected to grow by 57 Million by the
year 2027 and the digital course economy
is expected to hit 370 billion with a be
by the year 2026 so you my friend are
probably considering creating your own
digital course you need to hear these
very important things these big mistakes
that people are making when they create
their first digital course so that you
don't make these mistakes hey my name is
shelene Johnson welcome to the
show as you probably know I started
creating digital courses in
2011 and it has been just an
incredible source of income we've
created a program called smart success
marketing impact Academy insta clubhub
for those of you who are interested in
learning how to grow and scale and make
money online selling your digital
courses I highly recommend insta Club
that's what I do with my co-host Brock
Johnson but we we have helped so many
other people create their own online
courses I love online courses I've
learned way more doing online courses
than I ever did there's my degree back
there from Michigan State University no
offense to the Spartans but like what
I've learned in digital courses has
transformed my life it's how I'm able to
be here today it's how I learned how to
grow on YouTube it's how I learned how
to podcast
basically everything I've learned is
through a digital course it's so great
you don't have to you know find parking
at the University and and get parking
tickets and buy books like digital
courses are the wave of the future and
so many people now are recognizing this
can be an additional stream if not your
primary stream of income but if you're
someone who's considering creating your
first digital course there's some really
important things you need to keep in
mind before you get started number one
you need to have complete Clarity on who
your a audience is you need to
understand what it is your audience
needs their preferences their pain
points and how to create content that
they specifically know that they need
I've seen so many course creators create
something that their target audience
doesn't know that they need it so how do
you fully understand what it is your
audience wants their preferences uh what
it is their pain points are the only way
you can do that is by doing your
research in advance often times we want
to create courses for something that we
once struggled with the problem but now
we're so far removed that we don't even
remember the initial pain points we
don't remember what it was like to be in
their shoes so in order to truly
understand your ideal Avatar and their
pain points and their needs Etc create a
community whether it's a Facebook group
group on Instagram whether it's joining
Forums on Reddit whatever the case may
be wherever your people are go there and
listen don't assume that you know what
their needs are their preferences
and how they describe the pain point do
your research and be a part of those
communities the number two mistake that
digital course creators make is over
complicating the content I almost laugh
at this one because yours truly was the
biggest offender of this misnomer like I
would create content that I believed it
had to be so Advanced and so robust that
like people would get it and they
wouldn't think oh this is basic I was so
afraid that someone would get my content
and think well this is so easy why is
she even trying to sell this so I would
make it super complicated and Incredibly
extensive when people are going through
a course they don't want to be long they
want to be shorter they like just get me
there give me the shortcut don't make it
complicated make it basic originally my
course content like I would have like
all these modules and each module would
be like an hour long each like dozens
and dozens and dozens and dozens of
hourong each modules no I had to like
make them much more succinct and much
more basic hey I need to interrupt
myself and ask you to just quickly
double check and see if you have
subscribed to the channel Brock and I
try to put up amazing content for you
twice a week here on build your tribe
and it's it's free it would mean the
world to us if you just took a moment we
are really desperately trying to grow
this YouTube channel for the podcast so
if you could double check make sure sure
you're subscribed and also turn on that
little notification Bell and that way
you'll you'll know the next time we
upload an episode and as always drop a
comment below this episode and let us
know like what would you like us to
cover next like ask any question we're
always reading the comments and we want
to hear from you the number three
mistake that digital course creators
make is neglecting to create course
structure in advance how do you do that
if you've never created a course you
reverse engineer what it is somebody
needs to know so start by asking
yourself okay when somebody finishes
this course what should they be able to
do and then you reverse engineer that
like okay so what would be the first
thing and then the second thing and the
third thing if if if this is the end
goal like what is it going all the way
backwards that's step one but step two
is you've got to involve your community
you're going to forget that there are
certain steps that you just take for
granted that people know that they need
to follow through on and you're going to
skip that in your course content and
then you're going to get complaints
after you put it out there and people
are going to return it so my
recommendation is as you're creating
your course content have like a small
test group that's actually giving you
feedback and asking the questions and
giving you input as to like what the
structure is that they need the number
four mistake that course creators make
is failing to create an interactive
experience for the student by that I
mean everyone learns in a different way
when we create a course now we give them
video we give them audio we give them
transcripts we give them to-do list we
give them worksheets so that the more
interactive it becomes the better their
experience and the more likely they are
to succeed with the content you can do
this with quizzes downloads PDFs fill-in
the blank outlines and all the different
modes that people find easiest to learn
like like I said some people like audio
some people like video some people like
both some people want to read it so give
them all of those things and the next
biggest mistake that digital course
creators make is not doing sufficient
testing and I mean testing for the name
is the name of the course a name that's
going to resonate with your target
audience for example we created a
digital course for people who wanted to
become micro influencers we named it
micro influencer 101 and we could not
figure out why this incredible course
was not selling to people we did some
polling with our audience after after
the fact and learned that our audience
didn't resonate with the word influencer
it had a negative connotation with them
the word that they resonated with was
brand deals like they wanted to learn
how to do brand Deals they wanted to
learn how to partner with Brands which
is basically what an influencer does but
it's semantics so we didn't test the
name in advance and had we done so we
would have had much better sales out of
the gate by the way it's a great course
and I will link to it below in our show
notes but testing should be done on
everything your price point how long the
course should be what the course should
promise like what is the outcome of the
course if I finish your course what can
I expect to happen how long should the
lessons be what format should the
lessons be maybe they don't want video
Maybe video is distracting maybe they
just want audio all of these things
should never be decisions that you make
by yourself in a test tube like if you
have three people in your audience you
have a test group you have a community
ask them for their input let them become
co-creators I hope that this episode was
helpful to you I would love to help you
Market your digital course like it's one
thing to just hit your warm audience but
it's quite another to learn how to sell
millions of dollars worth of your
digital course that's a skill it's a
skill that we teach inside insta clubhub
so if you haven't checked it out please
be sure to do so we'll put a link to a
$7 trial so you can you can give it a
try for $7 I'll put that in the
description below this episode hey it is
my goal to be brief to be bright to make
it fun and then be done ladies and
gentlemen we're done thanks for being
here we didn't test the name in advance
see that
[Music]
bug